hello I hope you guys are all doing
great
this spinel art design we're gonna be
working on today we're gonna be working
on Pink Panther nails let's get started
this is the brush brand in size I'm
going to be using to paint my Pink
Panther and this is what the tip looks
like I began this design by polishing my
entire nail with the white nail polish
color followed by this I'm going to be
painting two black dots in the center of
these two black dots I'm going to be
painting a line connecting the two now
I'm just going to be painting a yellow
dot in the center of the black dots
these are going to be his eyes coming in
towards the side I'm going to be
painting his black eyebrows I'm going to
be doing the same exact thing to the
opposite side as well starting in the
center of his eyebrow coming toward to
the side I'm going to begin painting one
of the ears I'm just rounding off a line
and I'm going to be doing the same exact
thing over the opposite side for his
nose I'm going to be painting a diamond
shape or a triangle and a second
triangle facing downwards now in the
center of my triangles I'm going to be
painting a rounded shape beginning in
the center ending at the tip of the
bottom triangle and I'm going to be
doing the same exact thing over the
opposite side as well
facing downward I'm also going to be
painting another rounded shape this is
gonna be his chin in the center of this
one I'm gonna paint another rounded
shape now it's time to begin working on
his cheekbone area I'm going to begin in
the lower part of his ear rounding off a
line towards the center of his whisker
area I'm going to do the same exact
thing on the opposite side in the center
of his yellow eyes I'm going to be
adding a tiny black dot in the center of
his ears I'm going to be painting a
black oval sealed shape I'm going to do
the same exact thing on the opposite
side now it's time to begin working on
his thin neck I'm going to be painting
two parallel lines once your lines are
in place it's time to begin working on
the shoulders
I'm going to come upwards on the
shoulders rounding it off towards the
side and I'm going to be doing the same
exact thing on the opposite side as well
to paint his arms just continue going
straight towards the side in the center
of his body I'm going to be adding a
rounded shape
and for his aren't I'm just going to be
painting straight lines coming in
towards the rounded shape now it's time
to begin adding color to our Pink
Panther you can use any tone pink color
you'd like I'm going to begin by filling
in his shoulders along with his neck
with the pink color in a darker tone
also around his ears the bottom diamond
shape area around his cheekbones and
under his eyes
and his little tongue area now it's time
to fill in the paler pink colors I'm
going to be filling in the loops in his
ears
his whisker area
his lower jaw
and the center part of his body and the
top diamond shape now I'm going to be
adding a little smile detail for this
we're going to be painting a stripe
coming in sideways of his cheekbones and
in the corners of these lines I'm going
to be painting a little smile shape now
it's time to paint his whiskers just
paint two stripes coming downwards
this next step is optional I decided to
paint pink paws over the top area I'm
painting three dots and just a little
blob shape over the bottom area I'm
gonna be painting two of these now that
our pink panther nail is done it's time
to work on our pink polish nails we're
just going to be painting paw prints in
two different colors begin by polishing
your entire nail in a pink tone I will
be listing the colors I used in the
description bar followed by this I'm
going to be using a black color and now
I'm going to do is three little dots and
under these a little blob shape I'm
going to be doing this several times
with the color black once you're done
adding your black paw prints it's time
to add the light pink tone color paw
prints and that's it that's how you
gonna get this nail art design done I
hope you guys enjoyed this tutorial and
try out this fun Pink Panther nail art
design now be saving I'll see you next
time bye
you